README.md, before:

# BookStore

This app allow the users to add book title, author name and select one among the referenced categories, It also feature dark and light switch modes

## Video Link

[watch video demo]('https://www.loom.com/share/1cfd1c8279a04679980930d4030595d5')

## Tecnologies Used

- React
- Redux
- CSS

## Link

- This site was built using [Github Pages]("https://ismailakinkunmi.github.io/bookstore")

## Usage

``` start by cloning this repository by running the following command:

 git@github.com:ismailakinkunmi/bookstore.git

 cd bookstore

 code . incase of Vscode. this will open the project in VScode

 npm install

 npm start

```

## Used Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Start the app in the browser at localhost:3000

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.Your app is ready to be deployed!

## Authors

👤 **Adekunle Ismail Akinkunmi**

- GitHub: [@ismailakinkunmi](https://github.com/ismailakinkunmi)
- LinkedIn: [@akinkunmi-adekunle](https://www.linkedin.com/in/adismail4/)

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

Hat tip 👒 to microverse, code reviewers and my coding partners for there support.

Commit message:

Add license to readme file

README.md, after:

# BookStore

This app allow the users to add book title, author name and select one among the referenced categories, It also feature dark and light switch modes

## Video Link

[watch video here](https://www.loom.com/share/1cfd1c8279a04679980930d4030595d5/)

## Tecnologies Used

- React
- Redux
- CSS

## Live Demo

- [click here](https://ismailakinkunmi.github.io/bookstore/)

## Usage

``` start by cloning this repository by running the following command:

 git@github.com:ismailakinkunmi/bookstore.git

 cd bookstore

 code . incase of Vscode. this will open the project in VScode

 npm install

 npm start

```

## Used Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Start the app in the browser at localhost:3000

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.Your app is ready to be deployed!

## Authors

👤 **Adekunle Ismail Akinkunmi**

- GitHub: [@ismailakinkunmi](https://github.com/ismailakinkunmi)
- LinkedIn: [@akinkunmi-adekunle](https://www.linkedin.com/in/adismail4/)

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

Hat tip 👒 to microverse, code reviewers and my coding partners for there support.

## 📝 License

- This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.
